User Experience Designer

CourseNetworking

Indianapolis

Intern through April 2019, hired May 2019 
 
Researched, designed, and launched mobile redesign. 
Assisted in progressive web app research and implementation. 
Tested and documented bugs on main site. 
Conducted user interviews in groups and one-on-one.


Purdue School Of Engineering And Technology, IUPUI

Computer and Information Technology

https://www.linkedin.com/in/conor-marley-49a222175/

http://conormarley.com/

I am a passionate, self-driven UX designer who is interested in intuitive design, web accessibility, ethical development, minimalism in user experience, and constantly expanding my knowledge of design and development. I have significant experience with learning management software, mobile app and game interfaces, and user research and interviews.

My passion for UX design is a synthesis of my fine art and technical background. I began my education at the Herron School of Art and Design, and began my Web Development studies the subsequent year. This has given me a critical eye for beauty and usability, as well as a strong technical background in website development, app development, and UX research.


Hello,

With a longtime passion for the synthesis of beautiful design and user-focused technology, I believe that I would be a perfect candidate for this position. With my passionate interest in minimalist design, ethical technology, and seamless user interfaces, I am well-positioned to contribute to creating joyful user experiences. 

At CourseNetworking, I have researched and created user experiences and interfaces by prototyping, wire framing, and thorough user testing. I did a full redesign of the mobile website, updating and revamping the entire user experience. This resulted in a more streamlined, efficient website experience. Additionally, I performed additional software testing on the full site and native app. I have listed some of these projects on my resume, with links to the projects themselves.
 
Your need for design skills match my background in user experience design. In my senior year at the Purdue School of Engineering and Technology, IUPUI, I took a graduate-level prototyping class involving the creation of sketches, detailed prototypes, physical prototypes, and storyboards.

With a personal fire for creating beautiful user experiences, I would be an excellent addition to your team. I look forward to speaking with you soon. 

Sincerely,
Conor Marley
